https://twitter.com/YomiZXC - yomi -d CM
https://twitter.com/mondnft23 - mond - d
https://twitter.com/kekdagod - kekw - d
https://twitter.com/PChyrill - poldont -d
https://twitter.com/amiiiz1ng - amii - d
https://twitter.com/CryptoAntone - antone -d
https://twitter.com/justinsaidwhatt - astra - d
https://twitter.com/0x_Blank - adeft - d
https://twitter.com/Adiiee_sol - adie - CM -d
https://twitter.com/getdeuceddd - deuce
https://twitter.com/smismi_k - smi - d
https://twitter.com/itzmiawww - miaw - d
https://twitter.com/airporsNFT - 2004 - d
https://twitter.com/solrevi_ - revi - d
https://twitter.com/0xJoshh/ - josh - d
https://twitter.com/ruwwev/ - ruwwev -d
https://twitter.com/WaduhekNFT - wads
https://twitter.com/arkucryp - arku
https://twitter.com/Hanskukzky - sei
https://twitter.com/holysol_maxi - holy
https://twitter.com/Mazikek - mazi
https://twitter.com/_seeeeph - seph
https://twitter.com/PooCh178 - pooch

https://twitter.com/wahrenlean - liyan -d
https://twitter.com/Zaza15121 - zoro -d 
https://twitter.com/cryptokeyk - key